ARROW-12713  [C++] String reverse kernel (#10317)
apache/arrow: docs/source/cpp/compute.rst

  are present, ``Invalid`` :class:`Status` will be returned.

* \(3) Output is the physical length in bytes of each input element.  Output
  type is Int32 for Binary / String, Int64 for LargeBinary / LargeString.

* \(4) Replace non-overlapping substrings that match to
  :member:`ReplaceSubstringOptions::pattern` by
  :member:`ReplaceSubstringOptions::replacement`. If
  :member:`ReplaceSubstringOptions::max_replacements` != -1, it determines the
  maximum number of replacements made, counting from the left.

* \(5) Replace non-overlapping substrings that match to the regular expression
  :member:`ReplaceSubstringOptions::pattern` by
  :member:`ReplaceSubstringOptions::replacement`, using the Google RE2 library. If
  :member:`ReplaceSubstringOptions::max_replacements` != -1, it determines the
  maximum number of replacements made, counting from the left. Note that if the
  pattern contains groups, backreferencing can be used.

* \(6) Output is the number of characters (not bytes) of each input element.
  Output type is Int32 for String, Int64 for LargeString. 

* \(7) Each UTF8-encoded character in the input is converted to lowercase or
  uppercase.

> * \(8) UTF8-encoded input is reversed to the output. If malformed-UTF8 characters 
>   are present, the Output would be undefined (but the size of Output buffers would
>   be preserved). If combined UTF8 characters are available (ex: graphems, glyphs), 
>   they would also be reversed. 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* \(8) Each UTF8-encoded code unit is written in reverse order to the output.
  If the input is not valid UTF8, then the output is undefined (but the size of output
  buffers will be preserved).

```

Reviewer: I don't think we need to try to explain the subtleties of grapheme clusters, just note that this operates on codepoints/code units, not grapheme clusters. Proper Unicode handling could fill an entire book.
